Purpose of the application: 

This application is for young children between the ages of 2-6. The app will help children learn their basic concepts such as their ABC’s, shapes, colors, and numbers which are important to learn to improve speech development and comprehension. There is a selection of the following four activities: ABC’s, Colors, numbers and, shapes. The four activities consist of an individual list within the same activity. Additionally, the colors game consists of a user input which will require parental assistance. This user input allows for parents and their children to have a meaningful and productive discussion that is important for their child’s reading and math comprehension. The goal of the app is to bring parents and their children together through these fun and interactive activities. In the first selection, the children will learn their ABCs. Each letter will be have a button with the sound of that specific letter. In the second selection, the child and parent will be presented with the three primary colors and they will identify the colors and be asked what is their favorite color. In the third selection, the children will learn the numbers specifically one through 10. In the fourth selection, the children will learn about shapes, this selection shows a collection of six basic shapes. The overall goal of the following sections is to help children’s reading and math comprehension.


Previous Features:

A User Login page and three separate sections which the user can choose from. Within those sections the user can interact by answering a question, which relates to input. As well as making selections on the selected section.
